Oh everybody welcome back sir on the
line please Lenny wise guys with plus
maybe heard of this game haha we've used
that talk about a hundred times alright
so we're on challenges purists all I
remember the purist was this is the last
one until we have to do our second pass
of challenges which will probably take a
break in between if I remember correctly
it's just no item rooms xbv FGL 38 and I
seem to recall cursing the name of a
purist many times I seem to remember
like a new Mannion esque purist
would cross my lips whenever I thought
about this challenge but it's been years
you know after birth sorry rebirth came
out in October November 2014 it's been
almost three years since I've done most
of these challenges I do not recall why
like a jilted ex-lover all those
emotions have dulled with time and faded
and I don't understand why I was mad at
this challenge maybe we'll you know
discover a new why this was so annoying
oh you better be scared you honestly
should be afraid I previously I was
going to open the mimic because we
looked like we would probably not have
spirit arms getting in the way now that
we have spirit arts I don't really want
to invest in the mimic at the cost of
our own you know self preservation
especially if we could possibly get
deals with the devil in the future if we
can get deals with the devil in the
future I want to basically lean on those
because no item rooms it should hold us
back to be honest with you it should
make things harder
however excuse me sir um it's uh sorry
did I say no deals for the devil no item
rooms should debilitate this run they
should make the run slightly more
difficult however if it only goes to
moms hard missing item rooms shouldn't
be that bad as long as we can get a deal
with the devil that provides us with
really like any forward momentum and the
same kind of goes for boss rooms like if
we can get a boss room item that gives
us for example if years upgrade I think
we're off to the races not enough to
guarantee a win for certain but enough
to you know we bought a lottery ticket
at that point
very least good five senses where I
wanted to be and you know what bad use
of a bomb but I think my heart was in
the right place there that's not the
only thing that matters but my heart was
in the right place all we got to do now
play it cool we get an ability to fly
after this it should give us a good
chance on the next floor so I if we
don't get boss items I'm going to die
because it's Dacian I thought that that
might be the the crux of the purist
challenge is that you just get no items
ever there might also be no shops now
that I think about it well no there's
that's either a library or a shop I
guess we should be more clear let's go
back and check on that cuz if it's a
library we might be interested in
invested in disabilities plus I mean
come on free bomb that we totally could
have gotten earlier but for some reason
I didn't anyway listen it's already open
how did we do that it is a shop so I
think actually at this point the Pony is
like a pretty amazing upgrade for us we
should be relatively pleased I don't
remember what we get to the purist I
think after we finished this run might
do a few like normal runs greed daily I
don't know you know something along
these lines just because the challenge
is I mean doing 20 of them in a row
roughly I know we still have one left
like number 19 remember what it is but
let's not talk like this one's already
done by the way but it's a lot of like
gimmicky runs all in a row I kind of
missed the the inherent saying of a
tabula rasa like blank slate Isaac run
and Al did you use tabula rasa simply
because you know it's the name of a
video game from your past the answer to
that question is yes the only reason I
know what tubular Raza means you are
correct
I do not know Latin I barely know
JavaScript
don't even get me started on this dude
so I'm not this isn't about programming
but I actually firmly believe I wouldn't
say genetically but like cognitively
I'll do for so in such a good position
here let's go for it even though we
already have a passive ability or an
active ability to fly because now we can
get a better active item and be off to
the races but I think my brain is broken
visually you watch me play player
unknowns battleground you go how's this
guy so blind you watch me you know make
art in pass part oh when you go how's
this guy so bad I don't know why I don't
know you know I think I've told the
story about how apparently my vision was
terrible as a child but I had this
doctor who was like 80 years old and he
was like ah you know he'll probably
never be a fighter pilot but he doesn't
need glasses
turns out thanks a lot buddy I didn't
need glasses when I went to see the eye
doctor in like fifth grade he was like
how was your child not flunking out of
school like I was actually doing pretty
well despite the fact that I couldn't
really see the blackboard chalkboard
whatever we didn't have whiteboards back
in the day you know I didn't go to the
Mark Zuckerburg school for kids who can
read good anyway because you can read
well Superman reads good maybe that's
what happened maybe my brain was just
like yeah he's not using his eyes too
much so we'll put that towards you know
linguistic aptitude or something like
that but I don't think we need anything
here but any the whole reason I bring
that up is because I've been doing this
online course to learn front-end
development it's called free code camp
and I would highly recommend it
especially if you've got experience in
any other programming language including
HTML or CSS I'm coming from a fairly I
would say intermediate good fundament
the good foundational knowledge of
object-oriented programming and it's
been nice to do but a lot of it is
front-end stuff like hey make this and
make it look pretty I cannot do it and
then I say I can't do it easily I should
say because I don't want to limit myself
necessarily I think it's just it's going
to be a harder skill to learn I'm just
naturally like basically garbage at it
luckily I've got you know talented
people around me who could help me out
with stuff like that
Michael al Fox has got
I for design I don't know why I said it
as if I was loath to compliment him you
know we're we're old friends but he's
got an eye for design no question I
think I'm more the guy behind the scenes
I'm not the guy you send you know to do
the presentation I'm the guy who's more
like well you see you got your sub
script algorithm million correct here
you should be using the you know that ad
method because it checks for bounce
automatically whenever I make something
in free code camp it looks like it's
actual trash it looks like a computer
program from like what people thought
computer programs would look like in the
year 2000 when they were making movies
in like 1960 like everything is just
like one horrible color in the
background and then a big old button
that says like go and then they click it
and the screen just feels with nonsense
characters that's pretty much me I don't
know what I really I'm being like half
sincere when I say that maybe when I was
younger and I didn't get glasses when I
should have probably despite going to
the family doctor my mom you know I've
fairly vivid memories of my mom being
like he doesn't see what he sees that
well and the doctor just you know old
school like probably World War two
veteran guy you know just like I you
know we don't want to give him glasses
the kids'll make fun of him joke's on
you doctor I went to a very progressive
high school and you're probably dead
because when you were my family doctor
you were already like 80 I'm not saying
I wish he's dead I mean he had a medical
license I'm assuming he's pretty good at
his job for the most part just should
have sent me to the optometrist a little
earlier anyway I digress and maybe my
brain was just like he doesn't need this
anymore
I wonder about that sometimes because
visually it's kind of hard to think
battlegrounds like everybody sees
everything unless they're the one in
control of the camera because the first
thing control the cameras got like
different things in their mind they're
like I'm gonna die right but still I'm
like sometimes I go back and watch
footage of the shows and I'm like am i
blind and what do I do about it
it needs like brain surgery like insert
more brain into the visual part but you
know what it is our differences that
make us strong as a
as a society I believe in that glad we
don't have a monoculture I'm glad
they're the idiots like me visually
speaking I don't know what I was going
to tie that up with I'm just glad
there's idiots like me because I'm one
of them I suppose but yeah like no I
mean I am in no danger of ever wow I
can't believe he went over the man-made
bridge there that's pretty cool I'm in
no danger of taking your job as a
front-end developer graphic designer
there's no question about that
just leave it at that I don't know what
I miss you I'm very lucky that YouTube
and twitch exist because my skill set is
uniquely well shaped to do that I can
get lost in a video game for hours at a
time
relatively apt at talking to myself over
and over and luckily as you know born in
the right time I'll tell you if I was
born in like you know the 1920s I don't
know what I'd try to like be a assistant
manager at a speakeasy or something like
that there's anything wrong with that
too a dime let's pop it because we
should like having money on this
challenge is a very important thing I
don't think I want Pops's I don't think
I want to have magic fingers just
because I don't think it matters to be
honest with you I don't think magic
fingers is good enough to get rid of the
ponies active effect unless we get mega
rich and our damage is awesome why did
we teleport right there did I touch that
I must have touched the chest at like
the exact time that this went down okay
bad trip that's horrible balls of steel
more than makes up for it but I'm still
kind of cheesed if I'm being honest with
you so we'll blow this up I don't know
why I'm looking at this and I'm like are
we going to make boss rush you're the
sane about a boss rush you've got a good
run going on purist that's like where
you just shut up and ride this bad boy
till the end because like straight up
this is a gift from above we got some
very good items defensively offensively
and then we got
damage good rate of fire not ten out of
ten but probably like in the sevens or
eights when you consider managing much
plus our tears I've grades I'm not
trying to ruffle any feathers by saying
it's a seven or an eight I'm talking
about a Harvard seven you know I
wouldn't know what that means because I
didn't go to an Ivy League school
because you know I'm Canadian so I mean
first off I wouldn't have gotten in I
was the kid in high school I was like ah
I mean just this now sounds
braggadocious but I would like I'm just
gonna get aids I kind of like the
Canadian education system I feel if
you're an American high school student
right now I actually kind of feel bad
for you I mean I don't feel bad as a 28
year old because you have your youth you
know and I don't
or it stayed in so you know enjoy that
however me as like a 16 year old feels
bad for you if you're a Canadian and
you're probably going to go to a
Canadian University pretty much all you
got to do is get AIDS if you can get
like all A's or like 90% A's and a
couple B's you're going to be fine over
the course of your high school career
you can get in anywhere in Canada
basically almost any program probably
not quite any program at all most a
program admittedly I mostly only have oh
I have a few American friends were you
know my peers of that age and then I
have you know American media that I
watch but I know one of my friends in in
Canada at least when I went to school in
the province I went to our advisors told
us like 98% of your of your application
process was the marks that you got in
the eleventh grade and then like 2%
academically speaking was like the marks
that you got in the first semester of
twelfth grade one of my friends I was
talking to he was like third in his
class and he's a genius he's an actual
like literal doctor now he was like yeah
I can't give valedictorian in my school
because I got a B in ninth grade it's
like what that's kind of a lot of
pressure to put on a thirteen-year-old
hey we're going to like this is a new
era for you you know you're going to be
interacting with your peers you're going
to be small fish in a big pond again
by the way you got a b-plus in gym so
I'm sorry but you ruined your academic
career this institution not to say that
you've ruined it if you're you know not
becoming valedictorian yeah he was like
well I basically can't get into Harvard
Yale or you know any of these Ivy
League's so I got to aim a peg lower
dudes average in high school was like 98
and I think it's good in bed you know
because I'm going to be straight up with
you if you're in high school you're not
going to like what I'm about to say and
you're going to you're going to rebuke
it and I would have rebuked it as well
but I firmly agree with what I'm about
to say regardless it's getting a little
frame e there huh
you have most of you if you look at like
a base high school student you got so
much free time and I don't I'm pretty
rich coming from me I'll admit but at
the same time you don't realize like
your life fills up really fast
especially as you become an adult you
know not even like let's assume you work
in a job where you have set hours you
know that's like you say it's 35 hours a
week but really it's not 35 hours a week
cuz you've also got a you know go to bed
at a certain time get up at a certain
time commute you know get ready for work
like as soon as you wake up if you wake
up at 6 a.m. you got to be to work at 8
a.m. you don't get 2 hours of free time
before work that's work time you got a
shower
you know you got to get in your car you
got to drive there it's that I'm not
complaining I'm just saying that's how
it is and then you know you have a
spouse you're spending time with your
spouse you know that's at least a few
hours a day for most people I'm not
complaining again I'm not saying that
eats up your free time I'm just saying
it's an obligation for better and for
worse that you got to keep in mind that
if you got oh ha but you ever wonder why
it's like if you're an adult it's
impossible to get people together even
to do like recordings for YouTube it's
impossible to go like Mathis and I were
supposed to meet like 36 minutes ago to
record some Escapist and he was like can
i delay it by an hour and I was like I
don't know I got obligations tonight you
know I got to go grocery shopping and
got these dinners that are going to go
bad I got to cook them you know you like
I got a Kate and I are going to go see a
movie or something like that please take
this and then he's like ok ok how about
Friday and I was like no Friday we got
the battlegrounds thing that we got a
record so I can do Friday and I'm like
how about Thursday and he's like no
Thursday I got my own
so like life fills up fast and as a as a
teenager you don't have all those
responsibilities so most people at least
now some of you you might be in like a
difficult family situation or you know
you've got to take care of your brothers
and sisters or something like that but
on average I'd say that that's that's
not the norm not that I'm telling you
you know how to live your life that's
the item we're looking for right there
we will take that so it's good I think
to keep kids occupied you know keep
young adults occupied give them things
that kind of push them out of their
comfort zone and encourage them to
generate new skills for example on the
other hand I also you know I struggle
with the idea that kids should be kids
you know maybe we shouldn't be
overloading kids with homework like
crazy and oh by the way if you ever want
to get into like a bead to your Ivy
League school you ever want to go to
brown no offense we go to brown I mean
it's better school and I went to and if
you're watching this and you're going
excuse me later one two look up you know
schools in Canada I know since I didn't
go to a bad school I'm not insulted in
the you know the tartan shades of Queens
University oil flying a banner getting a
bandwagon que ah you know you taught me
Gaelic at least you know four or five
words of it like that's that's tough for
a kid to be oh sorry I can't be a kid
tonight I got to go to like you know I
don't know what a teenagers do these
days calligraphy class I got to do eight
years of calligraphy class so I'm not
lying on my entrance essay that I write
to try to get into trying to think of
other non Harvard Yale Princeton is
probably an Ivy League plus we all know
it's about Caltech anyway like I don't
know anything about Caltech except that
Alex from Modern Family wanted to go
there in one of the last seasons that I
I wouldn't say watch but like it was on
well I was in the same room like that
show started real nice and then I just
got a little like a couple seasons and
it was just like every characters got
their own little beat they have to hit
every single episode
anyway I digress
we're on sister biz we're actually
crushing this right this is a joke run
for purist we have not needed any item
rooms because our shops and deals with
the devil have like predominantly been
extremely good so we'll finally use our
deal with the devil here I mean I'm kind
of tempted to get book of Belial but I
actually just don't really think it's
necessary plus I kind of like having
Krampus instead it's going to allow us
to easily like cheese up these bosses
and I think that I have a hard time
believing that we're going to lose this
one with two floors remaining here this
will be a nice like capstone to our
challenges here we did lose a couple of
challenges on the first pass but I think
that's relatively okay one of them if I
remember correctly I basically threw
away for no reason so did you kind of
owe myself a what's the opposite of a
debt of gratitude it's like a credit of
ignorance something like that what's the
opposite of gratitude gratitude is when
you're thankful for something the dead
of resentment there you go plus sounds
like a great name for like a Titus
Andronicus album it can come after a
more perfect union kind of dated myself
on the hipster scale I think that albums
from like 2008 great album though dude
great album lead singers got a beard
like Richard hammer as well
where we off to we are possibly going to
be able to make the shot that I don't
want to do these Ches possibly going to
be able to make the shop work I will
probably check the curse room as well I
mean we're just hitting the obvious kind
of touch stones at this point this is
easy money
we'll grab this key and we will grab
this card that can be the first title
off of credit of gratitude or credit of
resentment dead of resentment sounds way
better but credit of resentment focus
turns into like a deviantART account
okay so we definitely want Guppies head
12 out of 12 item you can take then we
wind it back and at this point to be
honest with you what I'm mostly looking
for is an opportunity to either bust it
wide open which I don't think we're
going to have or something to be a
little zany on this one like we can't
really do this but I was looking at that
self sacrifice room like it that could
be fun but we don't have enough HP to do
that
Emperor cards would also be pretty sick
mapping of any sort would be pretty sick
if we went outside with wet hair we'd
probably get pretty sick or is that a
mint I don't know you guys have myths
that you you have heard like reputable
sources tell you are false but you still
cling to because that's one like I
wouldn't say we get an arguments about
it I had this discussion with Kate all
the time no she'll be like you know why
are you going outside without a jacket
on you're going to catch a cold and I'm
like well actually it's spread by you
know germs it's not actually just being
in an environment where you're cold and
she goes yeah but being under dressed
for the weather can you know inhibit
your immune system and suppress it and
as a result we be more open to infection
and I say wait a minute you weren't
supposed to use knowledge against me I'm
supposed to be the one with the you know
the infallible knowledge here and here
you are Eddie hidden me with facts and
then I put a coat on because I know
what's good
but none of these are really good enough
Libra is kind of fun but we'll save that
for our future zane once we get whatever
is unlocked in the purest but my parents
are like that you know i have to go back
in time here because it's when i had
hair but okay well that's like really
fair really appreciate that um they were
like you know you have to dry off your
hair before you go outside and i was
like that's not the way that's that's
not how it works but they they adhered
to it regardless i'm kind of that way
with swimming to be honest with you
apparently it is and don't quote me on
this because if you die i don't want to
be held responsible but apparently the
wait thirty minutes before getting into
the pool because you'll cramp up truism
is not a true wisdom at all it's
actually an old wives tale but
definitely in my head I'm still like
would I go into the pool right after
swimming no not necessarily because I
think I'm gonna die but because you know
I'm I'm worried I'm gonna cramp up and
be uncomfortable I think everybody's got
some like that I kind of feel that way
about like home remedies to like the one
that gets me is a drinking ginger ale
when you're sick
I always drank ginger ale when I was
sick now ginger I believe can help you
know boost your immune system now I know
as soon as you say boost your immune
system it sounds like pseudoscience and
it may be but I thought that ginger was
like a real for whatever reason its
therapeutic in times of you know mild
illness that being said most modern
ginger ale at least you know non craft
sodas don't have any ginger in it they
got like ginger flavoring they made as a
you know food factory in Mississauga
Ontario
shoutout to the former you know site of
the Palladium kind of like seven seals
there there there used to be a gray in
town it was he that's me trying to sing
seven times in a row kiss from a rose as
seal not really going to work but but
still when I get sick I don't do it
because I like I want to this is where
I'm breaking my superstition and not
passing it on to the next generation but
I am like oh dude chaos card thank you
whenever I'm sick I'm like I should get
some ginger ale like I know that it
doesn't help but it would feel really
nice to have ginger I think I just
sometimes want to get sick as an excuse
to consume ginger ale and I don't know I
mean Schweppes in Canada dry you guys
have got your your talents into me deep
somehow I don't know how you did it but
apparently though and we learned about
this in school which doesn't necessarily
make it true but it means that there's
probably a source out there that
somebody can point to apparently though
chicken noodle soup when you have a cold
or flu is actually like it has a mild
proven scientific benefit for whatever
reason maybe like soup loosening mucus
and your throat and alleviating symptoms
or something like that but something
along those lines
I know truth is stranger than fiction I
think people have these ideas that you
know the home remedies are somehow purer
than medicine and sometimes that's maybe
true and sometimes it's not like one
time Caden I went out to dinner and I
was clearly getting sick like my voice
was really hoarse so when we paid the
the server was like by the way you know
if you got a sore throat I got the
perfect remedy for you and she basically
gave me like a recipe off the top of her
head that was like a shot of whiskey
like half of a juicer lemon black pepper
cayenne pepper ginger orange juice and
like a celery stock and I was like oh
the same mardi-gras I'm ill I don't
think that that I mean I I do appreciate
your desire to help another human being
but I'm at the same time a little bit
incredulous maybe because I'm a little
bit of a jerk do I care about chaos
cards here
my god what I need to do is go home you
know get some sleep
stop spreading the virus that I have to
other people and you know take two days
off or something like that and then
we're going to be good if anything you
should be like mad at me because I came
to your restaurant with a mild cold I
could infect like the whole place
including yourself if I infect you
you're gonna infect like 200 people
because you have a forward-facing job
yell at me not unlike a weird you know
King shaming sort of way anyway weird
dude the purists was actually like the
easiest thing in the world here we got
back on Oh lovely room and we're done
with the rebirth challenges on the first
pass at least we got a head trauma left
to do
oh and then we have two more that we owe
in suicide King and then two more that
we missed here that are not locked yet
or not online yet but for now thanks for
watching if you guys have enjoyed my
rambling incoherent in this episode if
you didn't click the like button how was
that a great deal and of course
subscribe you won't see one feature for
now things are watching and I will see
you next time